Geekhaven
The technical society of IIITA.
Geekhaven comprises of a group of highly motivated individuals with an excellent tech background. It consists of 8 wings encompassing all major technical domains. The wings are:-

1.Web Development Wing
The Web Dev Wing strives to equip students with the skills and knowledge they need to excel in Web Dev. This is done by organizing engaging workshops that cover such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, NodeJS, and more.

2.App Development Wing
The App Dev Wing is dedicated to providing students with a comprehensive app development learning experience using a variety of tech stacks such as Flutter, Native, and React.

3. FOSS Wing
FOSS Wing of GeekHaven is dedicated to contributing to the open source community and making students aware of the paramount open source events like the GSOC, Outreachy, etc.
Fun fact: OpenCode is also an opensource event which is being managed by FOSS wing. Kudos to them!

4.AI/ML Wing
The AI Wing of GeekHaven is dedicated to helping students learn and explore the world of artificial intelligence. They use a variety of tech stacks, such as Python-based frameworks and libraries like sklearn, Tensorflow and PyTorch. 

5.Design Wing
The Design Wing at IIITA is dedicated to the creative and technical aspects of design. We use a variety of tech stacks, such as Figma, Canva, Illustrator to create professional designs and UI/UX of All the college apps and websites.
Fun fact: East or west Design Wing is the best

6.Cybersecurity Wing
The Cyber Wing of Geekhaven is focused around IT security related work. They use open source tools to perform security assessments and develop their own too.

7.CC Wing
The CC Wing is dedicated to simplifying coding and helping you excel in coding challenges. They organize workshops to boost your coding skills, prepare you for technical interviews, and even host coding contests.
Fun fact : The CC wing will be conducting a contest soon so stay tuned

8.Blockchain Wing
Blockchain development learning experience using a variety of tech stacks such as Solidity, Polygon, and Rust. They also conduct workshops and write blogs to teach and spread knowledge about blockchain development.

That's all folks!😊
